Added parameters autoselection to docs (#40408)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/dev/vector-indexes.md

- Vector index search is always approximate — its results differ from a full-scan search.
- Increasing the [`PRAGMA KMeansTreeSearchTopSize`](../yql/reference/syntax/select/vector_index.md#kmeanstreesearchtopsize) parameter improves search quality (recall) at the cost of speed. The parameter sets the number of index clusters nearest to the query that are scanned. The default value is 1 (minimum quality, maximum speed).
- The `overlap_clusters=3` parameter significantly improves future search quality during indexing by specifying the number of clusters each vector is added to, but increases the index size.

> - We can omit vector_type and vector_dimension parameters if table is not empty. They will be autodetected from the row contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `vector_type` and `vector_dimension` parameters can be omitted if the table is not empty — they will be autodetected from existing rows.
```
